Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I consulted with Gracia Bareti and Rachel. I went to the Wednesday office hours from 1-2:30 PM. My initial thoughts on Java is that is honestly a little bit annoying haha! All the things that Python let me do before are kind of not allowed my Java. For example, in Python I could rewrite or overwrite a variable as many times as I wanted but in Java I can't do that. There's also the regular things like putting a semi-colon after each line of code and indenting properly using brackets. I feel like I still don't know the best way to keep my code organized within this bracket form. But, overall, the functionality between Python and Java seems to be quite similar. I noticed that variables can be overwritten as long as they are in a loop, like the user_response variable I used to store the persons input. I guess maybe Java forces us to use loops instead of calling a variable multiple times. This makes sense I guess because if I have to call and reassign a variable multiple times this probably means I can achieve the same thing using a loop. Java is obviously more organized, in the sense that, we have to create an object before we use that object as a variable and specify what kind it is as well. I feel like Java is just like Python just really really organized and efficient. 

A lot of times I got confused because I didn't know how certain methods worked. What worked was printing the variable that was giving me trouble, especially, within the for loop. This helped me figure out how to fix the nextLine() method because it kept skipping the first iteration. Additionally, sometimes reading on the documentation helped but at times it was confusing. But, there are some videos on youtube of people doing examples of Java code that was helpful for understanding how certain methods worked when the documentation was confusing. This helped me create my list/array for the canned responses as well as saving the transcript.

Overall, some advice I would give is go to office hours for direct assistance, talk to your peers, consult the online documentations or tutorial videos, and when in doubt just print something to the console!